readme.md, before:

<div align="center">
<p align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111517852009238628/image.png"></p>
<h1 align="center">Genarate Image From Text <img alt="GitHub release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.1.4-blue"> </h1>



<strong align="center">🖼️ Generate Inage With Text with EdgeGPT reverse engineering</strong>
<h6>Try FREE!!</h6>
<br>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/watchakorn-18k/generate_image_web/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="#Install"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co/docs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co/docs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi"></a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/file/8FsDo7EAE4UQOVejh7VJeS/Untitled?type=design&t=cmZltZSNfiqrWjFc-0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white"></a></p>
</p>
</div >

<p align="center">
  Try Now (free!): <a href="https://watchakorn-18k.github.io/generate_image_web/" target="_blank">
    Generate Image From Text
  </a>
</p>
<br>

# Generate Image From Text
> 🖼️ Generate Inage With Text with EdgeGPT reverse engineering
<br>

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783191973939/screenshot-1685077818060.jpeg)

# API
```
https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co
```

# Install
```
npm create vite@latest
```

# Start
```
git clone https://github.com/watchakorn-18k/generate_image_web
cd generate_image_web

npm start
```

# Run
```
npm run dev
```

# Build
```
npm run build
```

## Contribute
1. Ensure you have installed `node` and `yarn`
2. Go to `desktop-app` folder
3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies
4. Run `yarn dev`. This will start the app for local development with live reloading.

# Example

<p align="center">


<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521782885793893/screenshot-1685077634582.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783191973939/screenshot-1685077818060.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783665934396/screenshot-1685077824252.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521784009863228/screenshot-1685077629140.jpeg" />

</p>


# Changelog
- v1.1.5 Check bad words in prompt
- v1.1.4 Fix UI responsive layout tablet
- v1.1.3 Change name donwload image
- v1.1.2 Add random image logo
- v1.1.1 Fixed bug tooltip responsive with remove there
- v1.1.0 Fixed bug Responsive Card
- v1.0.9 Fixed bug and add text small in card
- v1.0.8 Opimize performance web and server api
- v1.0.7 Add Thumbnail and fix responsive mobile
- v1.0.6 Fix bug small
- v1.0.5 Opimize performance web
- v1.0.4 Change loading new
- v1.0.3 Add Icon Footer
- v1.0.2 Add sessionStorage for switch language when refresh can change language follow your select
- v1.0.1 Add Alert to Generate Image and Add event Enter <p align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111121577174650920/image.png" /></p>
- v1.0.0 Release generate image from text

Commit message:

Fix bug api and manage error

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">
<p align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111517852009238628/image.png"></p>
<h1 align="center">Genarate Image From Text <img alt="GitHub release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.1.4-blue"> </h1>



<strong align="center">🖼️ Generate Inage With Text with EdgeGPT reverse engineering</strong>
<h6>Try FREE!!</h6>
<br>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/watchakorn-18k/generate_image_web/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="#Install"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co/docs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi"></a> <a href="https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co/docs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi"></a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/file/8FsDo7EAE4UQOVejh7VJeS/Untitled?type=design&t=cmZltZSNfiqrWjFc-0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white"></a></p>
</p>
</div >

<p align="center">
  Try Now (free!): <a href="https://watchakorn-18k.github.io/generate_image_web/" target="_blank">
    Generate Image From Text
  </a>
</p>
<br>

# Generate Image From Text
> 🖼️ Generate Inage With Text with EdgeGPT reverse engineering
<br>

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783191973939/screenshot-1685077818060.jpeg)

# API
```
https://fast-apiimggen--etwg34dassad211.repl.co
```

# Install
```
npm create vite@latest
```

# Start
```
git clone https://github.com/watchakorn-18k/generate_image_web
cd generate_image_web

npm start
```

# Run
```
npm run dev
```

# Build
```
npm run build
```

## Contribute
1. Ensure you have installed `node` and `yarn`
2. Go to `desktop-app` folder
3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies
4. Run `yarn dev`. This will start the app for local development with live reloading.

# Example

<p align="center">


<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521782885793893/screenshot-1685077634582.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783191973939/screenshot-1685077818060.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521783665934396/screenshot-1685077824252.jpeg" />

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585069498986397707/1111521784009863228/screenshot-1685077629140.jpeg" />

</p>


# Changelog
- v1.1.6 Fix bug api and manage error front end and back end
- v1.1.5 Check bad words in prompt
- v1.1.4 Fix UI responsive layout tablet
- v1.1.3 Change name donwload image
- v1.1.2 Add random image logo
- v1.1.1 Fixed bug tooltip responsive with remove there
- v1.1.0 Fixed bug Responsive Card
- v1.0.9 Fixed bug and add text small in card
- v1.0.8 Opimize performance web and server api
- v1.0.7 Add Thumbnail and fix responsive mobile
- v1.0.6 Fix bug small
- v1.0.5 Opimize performance web
- v1.0.4 Change loading new
- v1.0.3 Add Icon Footer
- v1.0.2 Add sessionStorage for switch language when refresh can change language follow your select
- v1.0.1 Add Alert to Generate Image and Add event Enter <p align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/585069498986397707/1111121577174650920/image.png" /></p>
- v1.0.0 Release generate image from text
